Translator block ADM1-ASM1 (#933)
watertap-org/watertap: docs/technical_reference/unit_models/translator_adm1_asm1.rst

ADM1 to ASM1 Translator
=======================

Introduction
------------

A link is required to translate between biological based and physical or chemical mediated processes
to develop whole-plant modeling of wastewater treatment. This model mediates the interaction between
the Anaerobic Digestor Model 1 (ADM1) and the Activated Sludge Model 1 (ASM1).

The model relies on the following key assumption:

>    * supports only liquid phase

Reviewer: This might be a bit too obvious (even for a list of assumptions), but we could add that the inlet property package must be ADM1 and the outlet must be ASM1

ADM1 to ASM1 Translator
=======================

Introduction
------------

> A link is required to translate between biological based and physical or chemical mediated processes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A link is required to translate between biological and physically- or chemically-mediated processes
```

to develop whole-plant modeling of wastewater treatment. This model mediates the interaction between
the Anaerobic Digestor Model 1 (ADM1) and the Activated Sludge Model 1 (ASM1).

The model relies on the following key assumption:

   * supports only liquid phase

>    * supports only ADM1 to ASM1 translationS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * supports only ADM1 to ASM1 translations
```
